add new field in config, check upload size (#756)
CERT-Polska/mwdb-core: docs/setup-and-configuration.rst

Storage settings:

> * ``max_upload_size`` (integer) - Maximal upload size in bytes. Keep in mind that this value refers to whole upload request (``Content-Lenght`` from request header), so the maximal file size is smaller than that by +/- 500B. Default is ``None``, which means there is no limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``max_upload_size`` (integer) - Maximum upload size in bytes. Keep in mind that this value refers to whole upload request (``Content-Length`` from request header), so the maximum file size is smaller than that by +/- 500B (because of additional payload with metadata). Default is ``None``, which means there is no limit.
```
